The I want it to project be created and any I want to project you're going to trade ships with a lot
of folders and files as you can see.
We already had a look at the source folder and this is the most important folder for us because this
is where we're going to develop our angle or to Web and therefore our mobile app.
In the end this is where we will spend the majority of our time.
Nonetheless I want to go for all the other folders too and explain what all those folders and files
do.
Let's start at the top with the Hooke's folder.
That is a folder you might need.
If you were an advanced developer because here you can find certain hooks and you can have a look at
this read me to find out more which are automatically run little scripts I should say which are automatically
triggered by coord of a During the build process.
Here you can see some of the hooks which are supported.
So you can basically instruct cordura to run a certain script after a build has been finished after
build has been run after it has been served and so on.
So some advanced topics which could then automatically push your code to good publish it or something
like this.
So I won't go into that in this course but it's good to know that there's a stair node module is a folder
which is managed automatically by NPM our package manager.
And you shouldn't touch it when we install new packages that are uninstalled and they will be stored
here.
So all our dependencies live here in the end when we publish our application all our code will of course
be bundled into a single bundle so no worries you don't need to deploy all those packages where you
don't need to kind of upload all those folders anywhere on the platforms folders in important folder.
It basically stores all the platforms you added to this project.
Now the compact does indeed run it on an emulator or real device section in this course of platforms
are basically the targets you're developing your app for.
So if you're developing apps for iOS you need to add the Iowa platform here.
Now for me it has already been added since I created this project on a Mac.
That might not be the case for you.
You might see Android here or no platform at all.
Again I would show you how to add such platforms later in the course and you always need to add a platform
if you plan to publish your application on this platform.
So that is what's happening here.
You will learn that we add blood from a command to so you don't need to change anything in this folder
to plugins.
Stores all D-CT of up like you might use and that is required to access native device features.
For example the camera we will later in the course of course see this too.
Basically you don't touch this folder SD above folders too.
Instead we will use the command line to install black in our project and they are for a new folder will
then be created in this folder which contains the functionality we need to access those features on
the device.
Again managed for you automatically.
Now the resources folder is something we'll have a look at in the deployment section.
Here you can basically define your own app icon and splash screen.
You can also define this on a per platform basis if you don't want to define a shared resource.
And then you'll have a handy Command which has all the shown in the deployment section which will kind
of automatically scaffold out a couple of images plus screens and I can see four different devices for
us so that is something we will work with later.
Now already talked about the source folder.
I'll come back to those files in a second but be finished with the W W W folder.
This is also a folder you won't touch.
Man.
Not a lot of folders to work with right.
Because this folder here is managed by Iyonix to hold your web app.
So it's this in-between step before your application gets compiled to a native app from Cordova.
This is tiap you are actually seeing in the browser when running Iyonix serve.
So it is created for you automatically with this Iyonix serve process.
It's in the end your compiled you learn to code.
But again not your native app.
A web app.
Now all those other facts are basically conflict Fahd's which allow you to configure your project except
for the conflict Exham file will have a look at this later in the deployment section.
Here you can configure your app like the name of the app and so on.
Well and the fans are really just for the project.
For example the package file holds all our dependencies of this project.
Most of the time don't edit this file directly but use the NPM command line tool to install new pictures.
And again this is something you will see in this course.
So back to the source folder then the app folder holds are app component app modules to everything.
We kind of need to start our app you could say and we will have a closer look at how the upstarts in
the next lectures the folder is a place where you can store static images.
So if you have an image you're going to use in your application which is not fetched from a server or
something like this.
You could store it here and reference it in your templates and then it will automatically be copied
when you compile the application.
So a nice place to store static files the pages folder is obviously where we will store all our pages
in our eye on it to help and we will soon learn what pages really are and how they compare to angler
to components.
And the theme for is a folder which allows you to adjust the themes or the look of your application
and will have a detailed look at this file and this section.
Now our forefathers declaration started here as a file where you can basically declare your own variables
you want types content to know you really need to work with this file.
It's kind of advanced usage if you know that something exists and typescript does know it you could
add it here.
Then we have the next age team I'll follow.
This is the file which in the end while it kicks off our application which starts our app and of course
in the end it is taken by Cordova and we'll be all packed into a native code into a code which can run
on a native device.
But especially for that in-between step we can find the same file here indeed w w w folders or does
this where we as a normal and you are EPK kickstart our application many chase and service work or braceros
our.
I'm not going to look at this course because these two fonts are required.
If you're building a progressive Web app which is a web app which is not a native app it's not compiled
to native code for devices and therefore not the scope of discourse.
But instead that would be your app which you can kind of install on your device directly from a web
page and it kind of runs in the browser.
And also as a native app depending on where you started.
So this is an interesting feature and something you can definitely have a look at in the future which
might alter coverage in a course.
Again it does not related to native apps though they are for.
You can just leave these files where they are but we don't need to work with them.
That's an overview over the project structure.
Again source folder the most important folder for us.
And then we'll step by step learn how to use all those files and how to develop our application.